README.MD, before:

# Why This Project was Created

This Project was created out of passion
As a Car Enthusiast I constantly maintain and detail my cars to a standard I could not find at dealerships
My DIY Mentality has led me to many solutions but alas;
I have decided to build one;

## Parts Broken Out Into;

### Car Maintenance
I belive with Cars These Days Oil Changes can be done in 5-6k Ranges;
With That Said
Transmission Changes Should be done Yearly as should be Differentials given the cost and time; 12k

18k - Brake Service

Brake Fluid Bi Yearly - 24k

30k Brake Service

Coolant 36k 3 year - Drain and Fill -> Bleed Air

42k Brake Service -> Regular Brake Service -> Ensures Longer Brake Life, Less Chance of Brakes Seizing + Combined with flush -> Less chance of rusty lines / seized up calipers due to rust;

Brake - 48k 4 - year

oil 5

coolant 72k - 

84 

96k

108k

120k


### Car Detail

Considering Cost of Exterior and Interior -> 
Rust and or Leather/Interior Cracking
Vinyl Seals

It is my experience that a wax should be done 4 times a year as kilmer says once for each season;
And prolly sooner depending on how good the wax is 
WHY?  Rain and Rust

Interior Seats will crack as will vinyl
Seals - Moisturize to prevent cracking and replacing -> wind noise

I believe a Daily Driven Car should have the interior Seats conditioned atleast twice a year -> closer to 4, preferably when waxed;



### Car Purchases
Records For Repairs
DealerShip Fixes tsbs

MISC Purchases

Cost of Ownership

### API's Used

Trello Design / CRUD
- Calender and Board Reversible -> Left and Right
- Touchup = Pink
- Wash = Orange
- Detail = Purple
- Maintenance = Blue
- Repairs = Green

Board to Track Monthly?
Calender
Calculator
Amazon -> Link to Products

Commit message:

Created initial controllers for app

README.MD, after:

# Why This Project was Created

This Project was created out of passion
As a Car Enthusiast I constantly maintain and detail my cars to a standard I could not find at dealerships
My DIY Mentality has led me to many solutions but alas;
I have decided to build one;

## Parts Broken Out Into;

### Car Gallery 

- Images to Showcase Interior And Exterior
- Engine Bay
- Detail Skills and items used;
- Link to Facebook Marketplace $ 
- Link to Youtube?

### Car Maintenance
I belive with Cars These Days Oil Changes can be done in 5-6k Ranges;
With That Said
Transmission Changes Should be done Yearly as should be Differentials given the cost and time; 12k

18k - Brake Service

Brake Fluid Bi Yearly - 24k

30k Brake Service

Coolant 36k 3 year - Drain and Fill -> Bleed Air

42k Brake Service -> Regular Brake Service -> Ensures Longer Brake Life, Less Chance of Brakes Seizing + Combined with flush -> Less chance of rusty lines / seized up calipers due to rust;

Brake - 48k 4 - year

oil 5

coolant 72k - 

84 

96k

108k

120k


### Car Detail

Considering Cost of Exterior and Interior -> 
Rust and or Leather/Interior Cracking
Vinyl Seals

It is my experience that a wax should be done 4 times a year as kilmer says once for each season;
And prolly sooner depending on how good the wax is 
WHY?  Rain and Rust

Interior Seats will crack as will vinyl
Seals - Moisturize to prevent cracking and replacing -> wind noise

I believe a Daily Driven Car should have the interior Seats conditioned atleast twice a year -> closer to 4, preferably when waxed;



### Car Purchases
Records For Repairs
DealerShip Fixes tsbs

MISC Purchases

Cost of Ownership

### API's Used and ideas

Trello Design / CRUD
- Calender and Board Reversible -> Left and Right
- Touchup = Pink
- Wash = Orange
- Detail = Purple
- Maintenance = Blue
- Repairs = Green

Board to Track Monthly? -> Expenses Automated
Board to Track Hours Spent ->
Calender
Calculator - 
Amazon -> Link to Products 




### 
- Create Repo
- NPM to Create Files
- Update Readme
- Update Package.json
- Create Gitignore
- Create Controllers for Routes
